{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11840\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1.) Basic Project Outline\
	a. This project is an art creator on the MeggyJr. The player can change the color of their \'93brush\'94 by pressing \'93a\'94 while on top of one of the colors in the top row. The player can draw to the screen by pressing \'93b\'94 on the desired spot. To clear the screen, the player can press \'93a\'94 on the red clear \'93button\'94 or dot in the bottom left corner of the screen.\
	b. There is no ultimate goal, just draw!\
2.) Responses to these questions:\
	a. Other than to complete an assignment, what did you want to accomplish by creating this project?\
	I wanted to be able to apply what I had learned and create something on my own, without looking at someone else\'92s code.\
	b. How well does this project accomplish what you set out to do?\
	Pretty well, although it took me several hours to figure out how to code it, I was able to do it.\
	c. Discuss in detail a time when you got stuck, and how you got unstuck.\
	The part that took me the longest was by far the part where the player draws a pixel to the screen. At first, I didn\'92t know where to start to code it. Then, Ms. Kiang told me to use an array, so I followed her advice. However, getting the code to work was even harder. For some reason, the for loops in the \'93Draw\'94 function weren\'92t working, so I had to draw out all the pixels manually. This caused my program to have a size of about 28k bytes, so it was constantly crashing. Then, when I came to class on Monday, the for loops actually began to work, so I was able to make my code much more concise, and ended up with a size of ~5.4k bytes. It took mainly trial and error to get the code to work. I think I may have had a typo or something as well, which would explain why the for loops weren\'92t working.\
	d. Tell of a time a classmate helped you and of a time you were able to help a classmate.\
	Kaitlyn beta tested my project and helped find a bug in my program. Basically, when the player pressed \'93b\'94 while on the clear button, the clear button would move up.\
	e. If you could improve on your project in one way, what would that be?\
	I would add different brush sizes, so the player wouldn\'92t have to draw to every pixel if they wanted to color the entire screen. Also, it would be cool to have different brush shapes that the player can draw, like squares or hearts.\
3.) Beta testing\
	a. Whose project did you test? What valuable feedback were you able to give them?\
	I tested Natalie\'92s project. I didn\'92t find any bugs in her program, but I told her that it was fun to play!\
	b. Who beta tested your project? How did their feedback help you with your own project?\
	Kaitlyn beta tested my project and found a bug. It helped me a lot, since I hadn\'92t tested what would happen if the player pressed \'93b\'94 while on the clear button.\
4.) Meggy Jr\
	a. What do you like about programming for the Meggy Jr?\
	I enjoyed the bright lights on the screen and the ability to use the \'93move pad\'94 (? the up, left, right, down controls) to manipulate the things on the screen.\
	b. What was challenging about programming with the Meggy Jr?\
	Learning how to use strucs and arrays were pretty challenging at first with the Meggy Jr. However, once I was able to get the hang of it, I was able to use those in my code for my art creator. \
	c. What resources were the most useful for the questions you had about Meggy Jr?\
	The Meggy Jr Programming Guide and Ms. Kiang were both very helpful whenever I ran into problems with the Meggy Jr. I bothered Ms. Kiang a lot when I was programming my code, but she helped me a lot!\
	d. What advice would you give to someone just starting to learn to code for an Arduino?\
	I would tell them to become familiar with some of the basic functions (ClearSlate, CheckButtonsDown, etc.), arrays, and strucs. Strucs and arrays are important to learn use because it helps make your code more organized and concise. The basic functions are important to learn because they make up the foundations of most of the projects you have on the Meggy Jr.\
	e. What are you most proud of regarding your programming abilities and projects, so far this school year?\
	I\'92m very proud of my art creator program on the Meggy Jr because I was able to figure out most of the code on my own, with minimal assistance. I was also able to figure out how to use strucs and arrays in my code. }